DAN: It's been over a year since we defeated Gundalia
in the battle for Neathia and the Sacred Orb.
Once we returned to Earth and rebuilt a mega
Bakugan Interspace the number of people accessing it
from around the world totally exploded!
DAN: Of course Drago and I are back in action, along
with our pals Marucho and his new partner Tristar;
and Shun who's rockin' the Battle Arena with Taylean.
DAN: The flood of new Battlers means we're up
against some crazy serious competition now!
This is Bakugan battling like you've never seen before...
DAN: ...but we're in it to win it!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: Huh. I'm here again. [grunt]
MAG MEL: [evil chuckle] Dan Kuso.
DAN: [gasp] You again! What do you want?
MAG MEL: Haven't you been paying attention boy?
DAN: [gasp] Stop talking in circles.
DAN: I'm sick of you hijacking my dreams dude!
DAN: [grunt] Huh?
DAN: Whoa!
DAN: [grunt] Let go of me. Right now!
MAG MEL: We two are one. Dan Kuso!
DAN: What's that mean?
MAG MEL: We share a bond that you can scarcely comprehend.
Go forth.
Battle for the energy to feed me before I unleash
Razenoid upon you!
DAN: [gasp]
DAN: [panting]
DRAGO: So Mag Mel is his name.
DAN: Huh? How do you know?
DAN: Did I talk in my sleep again?
DRAGO: No, I was in a kind of dream state.
DRAGO: And I think I might have had the same
nightmare you did.
DAN: Man, Drago. This is getting weirder by the day.
DAN: I feel like we're losing control.
DAN: [gasp]
[\u266a]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Agony of Defeat.
MARUCHO: I'm glad we found you.
We've been really worried since you took off after
your argument with Shun.
We need to work things out Dan.
DAN: What's to work out?
You guys don't want me to battle and I think you're
out of your minds.
End of story.
TRISTAR: You're not the only one on this team, Dan.
Quit being so stubborn and listen to these guys!
DRAGO: Watch it!
DAN: Fine. If you've got something to say, just say it.
MARUCHO: Well...
MARUCHO: ...We're concerned about the
current battle tournament in Bakugan Interspace.
TRISTAR: You guys might still be number one in the
rankings, but it's obvious that something is bugging you.
You're starting to slip.
We can see it and even worse the audience can see it.
DAN: What!
MARUCHO: We're not trying to gang up on you, honestly.
We're just concerned about what could happen if
you're not on your game.
DAN: I've told you a hundred times we're fine.
Now quit wasting our time, okay?
DRAGO: That's right.
TRISTAR: If everything is rainbows, how come
whenever Drago starts to lose it, Zenthon shows up
and starts blowing things to smithereens?
MARUCHO: Enough, Tristar!
TRISTAR: Why?
TRISTAR: Someone has to say it!
MARUCHO: C'mon, Dan.
We're your friends no matter what, but that
doesn't mean you can ignore what we're telling you.
Part of being a good leader is knowing when to listen.
DAN: [angry grunt] Unbelievable!
Now you're gonna lecture me on being a leader!
Are you kidding me? I'm outta here.
MARUCHO: Hey wait! Hold on!
DAN: [angry grunt, exertion] Don't touch me!
MARUCHO: [gasp]
TRISTAR: Marucho!
DAN: Just back off. I'm asking you nicely.
DAN: What?
SHUN: Secrets are like.. their just like poison, Dan.
Remember that.
DAN: [gasp]
MARUCHO: What now?
TRISTAR: If he's still refusing to listen,
maybe it's time we let him fall flat on his face.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: What an incredible end
to one of the most spectacular battles this
announcer has ever seen inside Bakugan Interspace.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: With the Captain of Team Anubias.
Anubias himself taking the victory over Ms. Sellon
from Team Sellon!
This result means that Anubias is now tied with
Dan Kuso for first place in the rankings.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Which in turn means Dan
and Anubias will face off in tomorrow's headliner!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Will Anubias have what it
takes to unseat the unbeatable Dan Kuso and
take the championship crown of Interspace?
DRAGO: It didn't take him long to catch up.
DAN: Un uh. [gasp]
DAN: It's that kid.
NOAH: [gasp]
DAN: [frustrated grunt]
DAN: [sigh]
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Hard Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Nice one!
DRAGO: [panting]
DAN: [gasp] Drago!
[grunt]
DRAGO: Sorry, Dan. That one took a lot out of me.
DAN: Yeah, but it looks like you're starting to
get a handle on it.
So don't sweat it, buddy.
DRAGO: Yes. It did feel like I had much more control that time.
DAN: That's awesome! Think you're ready to have another go?
I don't want to lose momentum now that you're
getting the hang of this.
ANUBIAS: So are you going to hit me with everything
you've got tomorrow, Kuso?
ANUBIAS: Or are you gonna hold back like you did
last time and treat me like a chump?
DAN: I think you got that backwards. [grunt]
You're the one who just gave up and threw in the towel.
ANUBIAS: Well, there's no glory in beating a legend
when he's only giving half an effort.
DAN: [gasp]
ANUBIAS: Forget what you think of me, Kuso.
With a battle record like yours, you owe it to
yourself to defend your legend.
ANUBIAS: With every ounce of your being Dan.
DAN: [gasp]
ANUBIAS: Don't disappoint me. Heh.
DAN: Aw man. What a day. [grunt]
MARUCHO: C'mon, Dan. We're your friends no matter what,
but that doesn't mean you can ignore us.
SHUN: Secrets are like, their just like poison,
Dan Remember that.
DRAGO: You okay?
DAN: It really stinks.
DRAGO: What does?
DAN: Marucho and Shun not trusting us.
It really stinks.
Why can't they just believe that you and I
know what we're doing?
DRAGO: Perhaps it time that, we let them in on
what's been happening.
DRAGO: I can't help but wonder that, if we remove
the stress of keeping things a secret, maybe
we'll have an easier time harnessing these new powers.
DAN: You know what? I've got a better idea.
DAN: Oh yeah!
DAN: We stick with the plan.
Keep quiet, until we win the battle against Anubias.
After that...
DRAGO: Their faith in us will be restored.
DAN: Hmmm.
MAG MEL: More my minions. I need more!
MAG MEL: Continue to battle for the energy...
MAG MEL: That will free us from this prison!
DAN: This one is for our teammates, Drago!
ANUBIAS: It's time for us to take the crown, Horridian!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: We are mere moments away from
the match of the century!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: I'm talking about the
battle that will determine who wins the title of
Bakugan Interspace League Champion.
[\u266a]
DAN: [gasp]
DAN: Aw man. You aren't gonna try and talk me outta
doing this again are you?
MARUCHO: No Dan. We're not here to do that. Promise.
DAN: Huh?
MARUCHO: If you insist on battling, then we're in
your corner all the way.
SHUN: Just be careful.
If things feel like they're starting to go
sideways, just pull the plug.
DAN: Hmmm... Listen guys...
DAN: Everything will be clear after the match.
SHUN: What?
MARUCHO: So, does that mean that you'll...
DAN: Just trust me okay.
I promise I'll meet you in the park after the battle.
See ya!
MARUCHO: Hah.
SHUN: Hmmmph.
DAN: Drago. It's all coming together.
DRAGO: You bet! Now let's win this!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Ding-dong!
The bells are ringing, but for whom do they toll,
battle fans?
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: The roar of the crowd is
downright deafening here inside Battle Arena A as
our two mighty combatants face-off at centre field!
1st SPECTATOR: You're the man, Anubias!
2nd SPECTATOR: Go home, Dan!
You're boring. Time to retire. [laughter]
CROWD: [cheering]
ANUBIAS: Are you ready to do this?
DAN: You bet. No more talking!
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field, open.
[\u266a]
ANUBIAS: Gate Card, set! [grunt]
ANUBIAS: Bakugan Brawl!
ANUBIAS: Bakugan stand!
ANUBIAS: Rise Darkus Horridian!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan Stand!
DAN: Come on, Pyrus Titanium Dragonoid!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
ANUBIAS: Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Deadly Nightmare!
DAN: Ability activate! Titanium Screen!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
ANUBIAS: Why are you playing defense again?
Just bring it!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon String!
DRAGO: Haaaaah...huuuaaah...haaaaaah!
ANUBIAS: Hmmmph that's what I wanted to see.
Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Tribal Crusher!
ANUBIAS: [chuckle] Huh?
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Titanium Hummer!
[\u266a]
TRISTAR: Oh yeah, dudes!
MARUCHO: Keep it up, Drago!
You've got this!
DRAGO: [punching and kicking]
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [Ooooohs and ahhhhhs]
ANUBIAS: You've had enough fun. Hah.
Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Force Through!
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
DRAGO: What happened?
ANUBIAS: Force Through makes it impossible for
the opponent to use any of his defense abilities.
Now Drago can't put up any more defense shields.
DRAGO: What?
DAN: Oh no!
ANUBIAS: Oh yes , Kuso! Gate Card, open.
ANUBIAS: Record Freeze!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
ANUBIAS: This is my favourite Command Card
because it prevents one's opponent from using any
ability they've already used in the current battle.
So enjoy.
ANUBIAS: Hmmmph.
ANUBIAS: If Drago hopes to win, he'll have to reach into
his bag of tricks and pull out his most powerful abilities.
DRAGO: What! [angry grunt]
DAN: Keep it together, Drago.
SHUN: If Drago opens up an ability that's too powerful
he runs the risk of losing control of his powers again.
MARUCHO: Oh no! They're double whammied, because Drago
can't use his defense abilities either.
SHUN: Let's hope that they can hang on.
DRAGO: Dan!
DAN: You said it yourself before, Drago.
You're gaining more control.
ANUBIAS: What's wrong?
Why the hold up, Kuso?
Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: End Gardiner, Alpha.
DAN: What's that?
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Aaaaarrrrrgggggghhhh!
DRAGO: [groan] Oomph!
ANUBIAS: You hear that?
That's the sound, Kuso of your victory disappearing.
DAN: We can't lose this battle.
If we do, then Shun and Marucho's trust is lost forever.
DRAGO: Don't worry, Dan.
I know what's at stake and I won't let you down.
ANUBIAS: Hmmm? You done, yakking?
DAN: Anubias, there's something you gotta understand...
DAN: You might be in this for your own glory, but
it's a very different story for us.
You got that?
DAN: The Battle Brawlers are a team that fight for each other!
ANUBIAS: Huh?
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
MARUCHO: Oh man! This is tense!
ANUBIAS: Hmmmph.
Are you really so na\u00efve that you believe that, Kuso?
I always thought you were smarter than that.
DAN: Pipe down!
ANUBIAS: Team! I only see a single opponent facing me, here.
ANUBIAS: This battle will be won or lost based on
how you wield your own personal...
ANUBIAS: ...power.
DAN: [gasp] My own power?
ANUBIAS: Come on, Kuso. Show me your power.
MAG MEL: Use your power.
DRAGO: It's him!
[\u266a]
DAN: Are you serious. Is this for real?
MAG MEL: I told you before.
We two are one.
We share a bond that you cannot escape.
No matter how hard you try.
DAN: Aaaaaahhhhh!
ANUBIAS: What's wrong? Are you cracking up?
DRAGO: Who are you? Answer me!
RAZENOID: I am you, and you are me.
DRAGO: What?
RAZENOID: And your powers are mine!
DRAGO: Argh!
1st BOY: Whoa. What's going on down there, huh?
2nd BOY: I dunno.
SHUN: Dan! Drago! Snap out of it!
DAN: Stop it. I'm tired of this garbage. Leave us alone!
DRAGO: Get away from us!
[roar]
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] Horridian! Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Deadly Nightmare!
DAN: Not so fast. Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
[\u266a]
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt]
RAZENOID: Pathetic.
You think you can take me down with just that?
MAG MEL: More! Use your powers to bring me the energy I need.
Do you hear me?
DRAGO: Haaaaaah!
[explosion]
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] Horridian!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [terrified screams]
JACK: Hahaha! That was awesome!
BEN: Are you crazy?
ROBIN: Let's go.
DAN: More, Drago!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
[\u266a]
3rd BOY: Check it out. Is that Zenthon?
4th BOY: Yeah. I think it is.
NOAH: Drago created Zenthon?
MARUCHO: This is bad, Shun!
SHUN: Taylean!
TAYLEAN: Ready.
TRISTAR: Count me in too.
BEN: Ability activate! Hummel Bowler!
ANUBIAS: Huh?
ROBIN: Ability activate! Wise Wave!
[\u266a]
BEN: Oh man!
JACK: Ha ha! That dude is hardcore!
ANUBIAS: Back off. All of you.
ROBIN: We can't just sit by while that Zenthon
creep is in your face.
DAN: He said, get lost! Ability activate!
DAN: Thor Buster!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
MARUCHO: Ability activate! SHUN: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Brow Bunker!
SHUN: Truth Core Battle Bastion!
[\u266a]
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [terrified screams]
SELLON: This is interesting.
TAYLEAN: Drago!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
TRISTAR: Aw man. What's with those crazy eyes?
TAYLEAN: I don't think he recognizes us.
DRAGO: Haaaaah!
[\u266a]
BEN: Bolcanon!
ROBIN: Whoa! That dude is powerful!
ANUBIAS: Back off.
Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Tribal Crusher.
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Blazer!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
[explosion]
[\u266a]
ANUBIAS: So this is you at full power.
DAN: This is the end. Finish them Drago!
ANUBIAS: Wait!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
ANUBIAS: [gasp]
ROBIN: [gasp] JACK: [gasp]
BEN: Anubias!
MARUCHO: Drago! No!
SHUN: Stop it, now. Dan!
DAN: [grunt]
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: [grunt/groan]
[\u266a]
ANUBIAS: [shallow frightened breathing]
DRAGO: But where did Razenoid go?
DAN: [gasp]
[\u266a]
DAN: [grunt]
5th BOY: What the heck was that?
6th BOY: You could've really hurt him.
1st SPECTATOR: What an epic fail!
What's wrong with you, Dan?
DAN: [sigh]
2nd SPECTATOR: So Mechtogan Zenthon was with
them the whole time!
How messed was that?
BEN: [groan]
1st SPECTATOR: They totally broke the rules, dude!
2nd SPECTATOR: They should be bounced out of the tournament!
NOAH: How could you?
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: Well, I'm at a loss for words fans.
That was an outcome, I don't think any of us
could have predicted.
PLAY-BY-PLAY ANNOUNCER: For using an unsanctioned
combatant, Dan Kuso has been disqualified
which means that your new Bakugan Interspace Champion
is Anubias!
[\u266a]
ANUBIAS: His power was even greater than I ever thought.
SELLON: That one almost got away from you, Anubias.
ANUBIAS: Whatever.
SELLON: Master Mag Mel will still be quite pleased.
MARUCHO: Dan must have gotten held up.
TRISTAR: Are you kidding me?
After a battle like that he probably went and
buried his head in the sand.
MARUCHO: Don't say that.
TRISTAR: Seriously.
You can't expect him to not be totally embarrassed.
He just lost his crown and got booted from competition!
I think I even heard some of his own fans booing.
MARUCHO: But he said that...
TAYLEAN: Tristar's right. He's not coming.
SHUN: [grunt]
MARUCHO: But he promised me that he'd clear
everything up after the battle.
Even though we're fighting.
It's not like Dan to break a promise.
He wouldn't do that to us not ever, guys!
MARUCHO: Dan and Drago are coming.
I just know it. I know it...
[\u266a]
DAN: I don't think I can face them ..ever again.
SHUN: Something is seriously wrong with Dan and Drago.
They just disappeared after the last battle
without a trace.
I know losing to Anubias was humiliating, but I've
never known either of them to give up so easily.
SHUN: Unfortunately, before we can go in search
of them, this strange device shows up in Bakugan Interspace.
It's bad news, so I wonder if Dylan's behind it.
It appears to amp up the destructive powers of
all the Bakugan who are battling.
SHUN: You have to tune in, so you can check out just
how much raw power I'm talking about!
SHUN: Not Sellon again. What does she want now?
[\u266a]